this is going to be a tutorial for this
look and I hope that you guys like it
enough to want to try it out now let's
get on to the tutorial here i'm using a
flat shader brush which is a mac 239 and
the color amber lights and i'm gonna
place that all over my lid hey guys just
a quick message I'm sorry I don't have
any background music I'm kind of notion
my husband right now for some and real
exciting news my son is walking he
started walking like two three days ago
and hasn't stopped since and it's so
exciting I think I'm having too much fun
with this voice everything so I'm let
you guys get back to learning how to do
this look here I'm using a smaller
shader brush by sonia kashuk and max
rice paper put it into my inner tear
duct area and blend that up
you
now fluffy blending brush just a mac 217
and the color Swiss chocolate also by
Mac ah yes that's my son thought that
into my crease
you
here's my x to 24 and the color rice
paper and use that as my highlight
you
hey I'm just using a pencil brush with
Max Swiss chocolate again I'm going to
go on my lower lashline about half way
in or so
you
using this angled liner brush I'm going
to use Swiss chocolate again to line my
top lash line
next we're going to step it up a bit by
tight lining or upper and lower water
lines
next I'm going to curl my lashes and
apply my mascara I'm going to van it
take my 109 brush aunt arts park f
princess bronzer in the mat waterproof
version and when do some contouring
you
then I'm going to take another mac 109
and since I want a nice soft pink glowy
look to the cheeks for this and we're
going with Max mineralized blush and the
color dainty one of my all-time
favorites
so as far as my lips go I'm just leave
them how they are and what I have on
them right now is the bath and body
works liplicious lip gloss and
watermelon sorbet
it's not as pigmented as it looks in the
tube but just give a little hand of pink
to it it's really pretty and
moisturizing so there's a look thank you
guys so very much for watching and I
hope you have an amazing week and I'll
see you guys soon